feat: customizable buttons in crud components (#4311)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/api-reference/antd/components/basic-views/edit.md

### `headerButtons`

By default, the `<Edit/>` component has a [`<ListButton>`][list-button] and a [`<RefreshButton>`][refresh-button] at the header.

You can customize the buttons at the header by using the `headerButtons` property. It accepts `React.ReactNode` or a render function `({ defaultButtons, refreshButtonProps, listButtonProps }) => React.ReactNode` which you can use to keep the existing buttons and add your own.

:::caution

> If "list" resource is not defined, [`<ListButton>`][list-button] will not rendered and `listButtonProps` will `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If "list" resource is not defined, the [`<ListButton>`][list-button] will not render and the `listButtonProps` will be `undefined`.
```
